---
title: "On Direct Voice"
menu_title: ""
description: "On Direct Voice"
date: 2020-08-01 06:25:48+00:74
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
### On Direct Voice

Confucius – received by Helge Mercker on August 12, 2017, Swakopmund, Namibia.

My daughter, my beloved daughter, I thank you for having granted me the opportunity  to speak and you have felt my promptings of this early morning and yesterday that I desire to use your instrumentality to be able to convey a message to our dear, dear brothers and sisters in this undertaking of your joint efforts, of our joint efforts in the fulfilling of this gift that has been granted, in the fulfilling of the time together in advancing not only your souls, and the love in your souls, but also the reception and the manifestation and demonstration of the many truths we wish to convey.  

By using the instrumentality of a voice box and the other manifestations to demonstrate and for you to witness our direct speech for all of you to experience and hear and see at the same time. At this point it is too early to say exactly what will come about but your preparations are well, well underway and once you are together, you will be directed specifically for a specific intention. At this point it is still not a wise thing to say, “this will happen or that will happen” as we await for you to come together in the physical, to pray together. As we have said before many times, the harmony, the harmony of your circle, your connectedness to God, your openness of your souls, the harmony within you, with each other, with us, with God, - all are factors that will be of great importance to what exactly will be presented, what the steps are. So, thus, have no expectations as Jesus mentioned. Yet, full hearted commitment, full hearted faith and trust.

Thus, my dear, sweet daughter, I know, I know you eagerly await and wish to hear of how and what and when, but give your mind a little rest. I know, it is not so easy to realize what is all entailed and involved but our beloved, Seretta Kem, has given instructions on the physicality, the requirements. It is for you to pursue those in patience, dedication and trust. Just give yourself the joy of this experience, the joy of this journey as incrementally, things are happening within you, incrementally you notice and pay attention to these little shiftings, awarenesses. Pay attention to the delicate unfolding of yourself in harmony with God, of your soul. Pay attention to these little things in your prayers, in your meditations, in your silence and don’t let yourself be cluttered with speculations, assumptions, expectations. Just relax and listen to your soul. Listen to your inner knowing bypassing your mind and being in the depths within.

Enjoy the view. Enjoy the awarenesses. Reflect upon your journey. Pray what is unclear within you. What holds you back to go into a deeper sensation, a deeper stirring. What is the barrier? And put it into prayers. Bring it to God who is so eager to help you and assist you and carries you as you fall (deeper into) and discover more of yourself, discover more of this Love, discover the power of this Love, the Divine Love, this gracious gift.  

My sweet daughter, I thank you. I am Confucius, a teacher of old and I am glad to be part of this project, to lend my support, to lend my love to each one of you, in this undertaking, to be a part of something truly magnificent. Our prayers are constant. We surround you and support you all with our love and prayers. There are angels assigned to each one of you and I wish to recommend to use this opportunity of the availability of a specific angel who has dedicated themselves to this particular undertaking, assisting you. I wish to recommend to seek this deep love-bond with the assigned angel, to commence to put forth your desires for help and assistance. You, yourself have realized how Martin is even encouraging you to come to your prayer room, encouraging you on many different levels, talking with you, giving you lessons, answering your questions. Oh, what gifts have been granted!  

I just wish to bring to your attentions, this marvelous, this marvelous opportunity for the growth of your soul, for your growth in God’s Love, for the fulfilling of your purpose in a greater sense. Oh, I love you all so deeply!  I love you all, each and everyone and I just wanted to talk to you and let you know that I am with you in this, supporting you, holding your hand and showing you. So, be open for all the help that is available, for all the help that has been granted.  

We thank our Heavenly Father for bringing forth this opportunity, the dedication and commitment of so many. We are so thankful for your intentions and desires to partake in this and your conception of the seriousness of this. Your realization of the gravity that this invitation that has been extended to you carries. So, we are very happy and we wish to encourage you to delve into it even deeper, with yet greater commitment, with yet greater desire, with yet greater clarity of purpose and understanding. There is always more, always more and pray for God’s Love, a greater inflowing, a constant inflowing. Oh, I am so happy to share my sentiments, to share my feelings with you. I am happy for this daughter to be willing to share my message with our dear friends, to share my desire to express my love and support to each one of you as I love you so dearly. So, have courage. You are all well on your way. Know of the support and love that comes your way.  

I am Confucius and yes, you are my little birds who will gather together pretty soon and some birds have to fly a distance but we fly with them and we are with you all. God bless you. God bless you all as we love you, as I love you - each one. God bless you. I greet you for this day and I love you and may God continue to bless each one of you. Confucius loves you. God bless you and thank you.
