---
title: "Progressing the soul and detecting changes"
menu_title: ""
description: "Progressing the soul and detecting changes"
date: 2020-08-01 06:25:48+00:71
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
### Progressing the Soul and Detecting Changes

Augustine - received by Helge Mercker August 2nd, 2017, Swakopmund, Namibia.

Good morning my dear, it is Augustine, your teacher. Yes, I greet you on this early morning hour and I am happy to join you in your prayer, my beloved student, my eager student. Yes, you are surrounded with your guides and your angels that accompany you on your daily ways, and tasks and prayers and I am happy to speak to you on this morning. I am happy to be with you as you bring me joy and I love you.

In the progression of the soul much relies upon the willingness of the soul, of the individual, to embrace the soul and to embrace the new awakenings within. It is very much the degree of this embracing of the new found ways and transitions within. In many cases there is a detection of something that has changed but not a complete awareness of what it might be. Thus, through prayers, through meditation, through experimenting and experiencing it slowly reveals to oneself what it is that has changed, what lies within, deep within oneself and the joy that comes with it in the recognition of having advanced in the adventure of discovering oneself. You are in a way entering different experiences and appreciations of what lies within you and we have advised your group over and over again to dive into your souls. There is a reason for that and yet there is not a clear understanding really or a struggle of sorts and that is understandable as thoughts and the daily attitudes and works of a human life distracts oneself so easily from these discoveries. It is a great effort and dedication that is required to strengthen that connection to the depths, to ever go there, to be connected to these deeper senses of being. These enlightened kind of discoveries that bring forth a sense of a universalness- a sense of connectedness with more than just the material that surrounds you - from the information that is stored within you. It is a blossoming, a growing, an advancing and knowing, a sense of awareness that is deep within.

Each one of you is discovering these beautiful gifts within you, each one in their own way. Each one is being caught by surprise in a sense and that is the joy of ones’ journey, these sudden, unexpected discoveries of oneself. I am joyed to accompany you all, to be your teacher, to assist you, teaching you, showing you how to get to these advancements within, these connections in a deeper sense to oneself, to God our Creator. We are all so blessed with this gracious gift of His Love that assists in this advancement, in this discovery of oneself. That is the true facilitator. That is the key and it cannot be emphasized enough to make use of this key, to go into prayer, deep, deep longing prayers, a union with God as you have used the word “union” or at-onement. That state of grace, that state of complete surrender in a way, of harmonized at-onement with our Creator, to practise that throughout the day, or put aside some time like you do now. It is a great effort as you are focused and withdraw from the daily tasks and demands and so as you withdraw into your little prayer room you can easily connect to God, and to us. That is good as it gives you a good foundation. Throughout the day there are moments when you pray and when you connect with God but they are brief and intermittent. So it is good to have a routine, a fixed routine like you have embarked upon now. It will benefit also your growth in the preparation for Direct Voice and the preparation for further manifestations. It will be most advantageous to bring the centredness, the harmony within and without. To have released all doubts and questions, to have released all burdens - often they are self-imposed, like responsibility, like other self-imposed restrictions and burdens, they don’t need to be there. Our beloved brother James has given you a beautiful lecture on advancing oneself in this surrender. It was Luther who mentioned to totally trust God and this matter of trust cannot be overemphasized. I wish to reiterate that trusting God, trusting this love relationship, trusting this deep bond will open many doors, will help in the fulfilling what you are praying for.

Trust God, trust yourself, trust what is within you as these words have been spoken to you before and it is a matter of daily practise. The mind has the tendency of questioning, of doubting, of reasoning - that is the gift of the mind. But the true knowing, trusting and bonding is from the soul as you know. It needs to be activated. It needs to be practised. It needs to be used daily, every moment. It’s not something that you just think about and pray about during your hours of prayer. No, this trusting bond, this love bond is something to be felt throughout the day in all the tasks you do. Trusting God, trusting in the development of the day, trusting in the manifestation of Direct Voice. Just flow and trust God. It is actually so easy, yet we feel we have to bring something to the table, we have to do this or that and yes, to a certain extent we do need to do and commit ourselves, but we also voluntarily try to take on things that are not necessary. We try to bend it and make it how we understand it should be. Trust God. God knows. God has a plan and we are all part of this plan. So are you, my dear charge, so are you. Pray for a greater understanding, for a greater desire in participating, for a greater commitment, for a greater trust in yourself, your gifts, your contribution. It will be revealed in time as you have experienced in small bits and pieces and that is the beauty: One petal at a time as the flower will blossom, it will come to its full bloom. It needs time and as the sun rays beam from the flower so God’s Love touches you bringing warmth and light.

My dear child, I love you. It is Augustine and I greet you for this day and I thank you for letting me speak. Be blessed my dear child. God bless you mightily. We love you and we walk with you. You are never alone. We walk with you. God bless you.
